first for qualified from this heat
the red colors of suave Stuey lombo will
still we come out hum and they're set
racing and going up in the air suave
Stuey lombo Oh a sensation at the start
suave Stuey lombo was up on the air he's
down and pacing but as dropped out to be
last of all and better bed black showing
his customary gait speed had gone to the
lead in second spot up on the outsiders
bowtie de then came lock and by a length
and a half away then came on a feat
followed by chariot king of the next
pair were for a reason and ceylon print
followed by mark dennis two lengths away
then dirty Ont oh and only a length away
to suave Stuey lombo but has he caused
himself some difficulties by galloping
at the start well we'll soon know
because boat has ample to the lead and
as they travel down the side of the
truck now with 1800 meters left to go
its bow tied the leader to on been a bit
black locking her against the pigs is
third of this for a reason on the
improve out wider monifieth was next in
the center and they were being followed
hard up against the inside peg line
there by chariot king and then Ceylon
print followed then by Mark Dennis here
comes Joey now suave Stuey lombo letting
slide around them at last of all as T 0
NT o the lead time it was 57.8 as they
come down the straight with 14 50 meters
left to go the leader is bow tied he has
a look across he sees saddlecloth 6
looming large swath Stuey lombo gets to
the leaders wheel in third spotters
better bet black and then came for a
reason getting some cover against the
pigs three markers and fifth is
lochinver and then monifieth third horse
on the running line a half lengths away
then the chariot king Ceylon printers on
the outside of runners are then Cain
marked innocents still last of all as T
0 NT o last quarter of the last mile
first quarter of the last mile 28.9 as
they run into the back straight turn now
with a thousand meters left to go the
leader is bow tied a half lengths in
front of suave Stuey lombo better bed
black as racing third and one out one
backers for a reason lochinver three
markers and fifth and then came on the
outside of runners then as they run down
the back straight by monifieth who
hasn't really spent a penny he's at a
good run chariot Kings on the inside
fall back and then seal and print a
length away in the field then came
marked innocent EO nto 27-8 they're
absolutely low-flying running off the
back straight in 56 7
the end the leader as they come down the
siders bow tied on suave Stuey lombo
been Abed black for a reason pulled out
to get into the fight and then came on
our faith is about to bring fresh legs
into the race seal and print was coming
home lock and be yielded some ground
there and then Cain chariot King as they
swing in for home for a reason throws
down the gauntlet de bow-tied 28-6 the
quarter in behind those as monifieth the
bone goes on it's for a reason and bow
tied they're clear of monifieth t 0 NT o
sprouting wings when it's all over but
let's bow tied the champion he's a
length and a half he's too in fraud he's
holding for a reason he's back baby bow
tied look at him go cruise control down
to the wire and bow tie goes home to
beat for a reason monifieth t 0 NT o
these your four qualifiers getting home
late chariot king with lochinver and
then better bed black followed further
back in the field then to finish by
Ceylon print a long margin off to mark
Dennis and it was too tall order for
strive Stuey lombo once he galloped last
quarter twenty seven six they've gone
150 4.41 54.4 that's just outside the
australasian record or the world record
held by a better punt